I sell young people here saying
I unpack with a new unpack
video and you already see that
Beginning
I hope you can all the anton man
that is it and I stood in today
wonderful korean japanese
seen supermarket and has provided me
thought because the statutes please yes rubber
stands on it is also behind there
is there yet here is the German
german explanation for it
fuji japan rubber great flavor 19 grams
So it also feels like it
nothing is in it but I found the share
just so good and i have to
Show you the beginning if you have the
does not know we pack the once
I do not expect to be honest
really he was to through 2 as well
you can not know anything in there or something
but I really expect a lot from that
Do not sing where my god is
because I hope you can
what ever with hello what to eat around
you have everything in the world
thought dedicated to the thought that this
looks like some kind of drug
from any pills again
can or must take or lost
Okay , take it out and we'll be there
yes I pack out at 14 it is the 55th
I've never seen you like that before
Can not do the nonsense back there
reasonable from the age he totally sticks
then I do not eat that fight
that the film sticks to the rubber
thing to it
that can not do that that can not be too
you can not eat that
who is something like that seen behind before
Then I have it, I have it
instructions not read or what
I do not understand that
Age that's just so gummi bears or
But how does I do it ? I'm really too
stupid for something yes but no one sticks in
the rubber in there just sticks I can
it does not have it with me
Do not use the sandpaper with
I have so it is really there
then you see that looks at that
is still on it and how do you want
you bock there I think I think I 'll do
was fundamentally wrong i have
somehow the unpacking tactic though
I do not manage to unpack
which I also raff the unpacked I raff
just does not have as to the
you have to work together first
make or what knows has a shit
compact designed he does not leave
does not go out there without the funny
Guitar does not come out just because I'm sending
How is that supposed to work
age is there for me
Canada has it there all the time
forget is still the film
Now he looks like that
or at least that's what I want to see
not at all in the picture yet
people that he does not
but I like it for the rubber things
but that is not disgusting then
First, I do not understand how to
second, get out again
hangs this funny weird
chipmunks paper then ran
because it comes with this one I'm still giving
one try
there is not yet so easy
Not
euro no he could still see
Well, no , I can do it now
No, I have to eat it now
No I do not want my darling
done ok december on her outfits
to go about it and attack
colleague okay people i can ask
You have to eat because it's in there
in brilliance shooters may be ripanti
but you can eat that before I hope
you can eat that shit something like that
I have not seen yet
ok hey people i already try it
small do not look me public
looks cheap then aging
the corner in front of me is enough for that
I do not recommend we can do that
try it myself but I have to completely
honestly say my case is that
do not ask I would be the
first, who buys that if he does not
secondly, it just makes a video about it
which poor children have to eat something like that
I do not understand that well okay that
was the little unboxing beijing beijing
unpack the anton you have something with
great something and a lot to see and
until next time celebrates thumbs up
but below if you want and young